A73EGS P
P1ROZC Z
acanthistius cinctus
anyperodon leucogrammicus
aseraggodes melanostictus
atractoscion aequidens
brachirus orientalis
caesioperca lepidopterus
caprodon longimanus
caprodon schlegelii
centrogenys vaigiensis
centroscymnus coelolepis
cephalopholis argus
cephalopholis boenak
cephalopholis cyanostigma
cephalopholis formosa
cephalopholis igarashiensis
cephalopholis leopardus
cephalopholis microprion
cephalopholis miniata
cephalopholis sexmaculata
cephalopholis sonnerati
cephalopholis spiloparaea
chromileptes altivelis
epinephelus areolatus
epinephelus bleekeri
epinephelus chlorostigma
epinephelus coeruleopunctatus
epinephelus coioides
epinephelus corallicola
epinephelus cyanopodus
epinephelus epistictus
epinephelus fasciatus
epinephelus fuscoguttatus
epinephelus hexagonatus
epinephelus howlandi
epinephelus lanceolatus
epinephelus latifasciatus
epinephelus macrospilos
epinephelus maculatus
epinephelus melanostigma
epinephelus merra
epinephelus morrhua
epinephelus multinotatus
epinephelus ongus
epinephelus polyphekadion
epinephelus quoyanus
epinephelus radiatus
epinephelus retouti
epinephelus rivulatus
epinephelus sexfasciatus
epinephelus spilotoceps
epinephelus tauvina
epinephelus undulatostriatus
etelis carbunculus
evistias acutirostris
gracila albomarginata
gymnocranius  microdon
johnius borneensis
liopropoma mitratum
liopropoma susumi
nemipterus furcosus
nemipterus hexodon
nemipterus peronii
nibea soldado
otolithes ruber
pentapodus aureofasciatus
pentapodus paradiseus
pentapodus vitta
plectranthias longimanus
plectranthias nanus
plectranthias winniensis
plectropomus areolatus
plectropomus laevis
plectropomus leopardus
plectropomus maculatus
plectropomus oligacanthus
protonibea diacanthus
pseudanthias fasciatus
pseudanthias huchtii
pseudanthias hypselosoma
pseudanthias lori
pseudanthias luzonensis
pseudanthias pictilis
pseudanthias pleurotaenia
pseudanthias rubrizonatus
pseudanthias sheni
pseudanthias smithvanizi
pseudanthias squamipinnis
pseudanthias tuka
pseudanthias ventralis
pseudorhombus argus
scaevius milii
scolopsis affinis
scolopsis bilineata
scolopsis lineata
scolopsis margaritifer
scolopsis monogramma
scolopsis trilineata
scolopsis vosmeri
scolopsis xenochrous
serranocirrhitus latus
trachypoma macracanthus
variola louti
